Release(26.05): Added connector's release RN CTOR-2275 (#5302)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

## 2026

### Mai

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="New connectors" label="New connectors">

- [**MessPC Ehternetbox SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-sensors-messpc-ethernetbox-snmp.md) - Initial release, based on community contribution [PR 6044](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/6044).
- [**Rubrik Security Cloud GraphQL API**](../procedures/applications-rubrik-graphql.md) - Initial release.

> - [**Westermo Standard SNMP**](../procedures/network-westermo-standard-snmp.md) - Initial release, from a community contribution [PR 5696](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5696).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Westermo Standard SNMP**](../procedures/network-westermo-standard-snmp.md) - Initial release, based on community contribution [PR 5696](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5696).
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Enhancements" label="Enhancements">

- [**Centreon Central**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-central.md) - added centreonvault support to **metaservice** mode.

> - [**Cisco Standard SNMP**](../procedures/network-cisco-standard-snmp.md) - added MAC Address normalization in **vpc** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Cisco Standard SNMP**](../procedures/network-cisco-standard-snmp.md) - added MAC address normalization in **vpc** mode.
```

- [**HTTP Server**](../procedures/applications-protocol-http.md) - added boolean2integer function to **collection** mode  based on community contribution [PR 5218](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5218).
- [**Huawei Standard SNMP**](../procedures/network-huawei-snmp.md) - added a way to handle missing fans in **hardware** mode.
- [**Kubernetes API**](../procedures/cloud-kubernetes-api.md) - added `include-status` and `exclude-status` options in **node-usage** mode.

> - [**Linux CMA**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - added EL10 and Debian13 prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Linux CMA**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) -  added EL 10 and Debian 13 support.
```

> - [**Linux NRPE4**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-nrpe4.md) - added EL10 and Debian13 prerequisites.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Linux CMA**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - added EL10 and Debian13 support in prerequisites sections.
- [**Linux NRPE4**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-nrpe4.md) - added EL 10 and Debian 13 support.
```

> - Vmware connector - added filtering in **stat-connectors** mode from a community contribution [PR 55143](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5143).

Reviewer: link?

> - Vmware connector - added filtering in **stat-connectors** mode from a community contribution [PR 55143](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5143).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vmware connector - added filtering in **stat-connectors** mode based on community contribution [PR 55143](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5143).
```

> - Vmware connector - added filtering in **stat-connectors** mode based on community contribution [PR 55143](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5143).

Author: ```suggestion
- Vmware connector plugin - added filtering in **stat-connectors** mode based on community contribution [PR 55143](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5143).
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Breaking changes" label="Breaking changes">

> - [**Centreon MBI**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-mbi.md) - changed NRPE client/options.

Reviewer: can we be a bit more specific?

> - [**Centreon MBI**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-mbi.md) - changed NRPE client/options.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Centreon MBI**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-mbi.md) - changed default values for `NRPEEXTRAOPTIONS` and `NRPECLIENT`.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Bug fixes" label="Bug fixes">

- [**Amazon CloudWatch Logs**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudwatchlogs.md) - fixed issues with perl paws custom mode.
- [**Amazon FSx**](../procedures/cloud-aws-fsx.md) - changed `FILESYSTEM` host macro to `AWSFILESYSTEM`.
- [**Cisco DNA Center Rest API**](../procedures/applications-cisco-dnac-restapi.md) - fixed wrong api-password macro in commands.
- [**Docker**](../procedures/applications-docker-restapi.md) - fixed memory usage calculation in **container-usage** mode.

> - [**F5 BigIP**](../procedures/network-loadbalancers-f5-bigip-snmp.md) - fixed unknown status returned if no trunk is configured in **trunks** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**F5 BigIP**](../procedures/network-loadbalancers-f5-bigip-snmp.md) - fixed unknown status returned if no trunk was configured in **trunks** mode.
```

- [**HAProxy Web**](../procedures/applications-haproxy-web.md) - added missing `--credentials` option.

> - Opentickets API - notification plugin now handle http timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Opentickets API -  the notification plugin now handles HTTP timeout.
```

- [**VMware ESX**](../procedures/virtualization-vmware2-esx.md) - fixed host macro `ESXNAME` default value.
- [**VMware8 ESX REST API**](../procedures/application-virtualization-vmware8-esx-restapi.md) - plugin can now recover from a corrupted cache.
- [**VMware8 VM REST API**](../procedures/applications-virtualization-vmware8-vm-restapi.md) - plugin can now recover from a corrupted cache.
- [**VMware8 vCenter REST API**](../procedures/applications-virtualization-vmware8-vcenter-restapi.md) - plugin can now recover from a corrupted cache.

> - [**Veeam CMA**](../procedures/applications-veeam-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - fixed uninitialized values warnings in **job-status** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Veeam CMA**](../procedures/applications-veeam-centreon-monitoring-agent.md) - fixed warnings about uninitialized values in **job-status** mode.
```

> - [**Veeam NRPE**](../procedures/applications-veeam-nrpe.md) - fixed uninitialized values warnings in **job-status** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Veeam NRPE**](../procedures/applications-veeam-nrpe.md) - fixed warnings about uninitialized values in **job-status** mode.
```

> - [**Veeam NSClient API**](../procedures/applications-veeam-nsclient-05-restapi.md) - fixed uninitialized values warnings in **job-status** mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Veeam NSClient API**](../procedures/applications-veeam-nsclient-05-restapi.md) - fixed warnings about uninitialized values in **job-status** mode.
```
